DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: 49ffe319; mode: persuade; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode persuade --from 49ffe319 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 4
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  4 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a broadcast teletext magazine, three-digit pages of block-mosaic graphics and double-height headers held in a 40 by 24 character grid on black
     SOURCE ID: broadcast-programming-teletext-service
     CREATIVE SPARK: You key 302 and the header counts pages in the corner; the screen blinks and a football score builds itself from cyan blocks on black, and behind the quiz question an answer waits invisible until your thumb finds REVEAL.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: the fixed broadcast eight on flat black, white for body text, yellow for headlines, cyan for live figures, red reserved for alerts and REVEAL answers
       - Type/composition: one bitmap face in a rigid 40 by 24 cell grid, double-height rows for section headers, block-mosaic sixels drawing every graphic from the same cells
       - Topology/navigation: every page holds a three-digit address keyed directly; magazines group by hundreds and subpages rotate on a timed carousel you can hold
       - Controls/state: keying digits is the whole input; loading counts page numbers in the header, hidden answers wait behind REVEAL, held subpages show a HOLD flag
       - Responsive/motion: the 40-cell row is sacred, small screens scale the cell rather than reflow; motion is subpage rotation and blink, both stoppable to a held still
     WEB LEVERAGE: ch-unit CSS grid and a bitmap face keep the 40 by 24 cell lattice exact; keyboard digits route pages and a REVEAL state toggles hidden spans
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/broadcast-programming-teletext-service.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/broadcast-programming-teletext-service-hero.webp
  2. a hand-drawn technical zine on the web, where marker lettering, doodle arrows, and mascots teach a hard concept the way a friend sketches it on a napkin
     SOURCE ID: hand-drawn-zine-explainer
     CREATIVE SPARK: A cheerful marker headline sits above a doodled diagram, hand-drawn arrows looping from a wide-eyed mascot to a boxed code snippet, highlighter swipes marking the one line that matters as you step through the comic panels.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: cream paper ground, black marker ink, two or three flat highlighter accents in yellow, pink, and teal
       - Type/composition: a hand-lettered marker face for headings paired with a clean readable sans for body
       - Topology/navigation: Move by stepping through numbered comic panels, by clicking mascot-guided call-outs, and by a sketched table-of-contents sidebar.
       - Controls/state: Hovering a doodle reveals its explanation; highlighter swipes animate across the active line; a mascot changes expression to mark done, warning, and gotcha states.
       - Responsive/motion: draw-on animation traces arrows in on scroll, and reduced-motion renders them already drawn.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Author diagrams as inline SVG with hand-drawn paths and animate the doodle arrows via stroke-dashoffset draw-on tied to scroll position.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/hand-drawn-zine-explainer.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/hand-drawn-zine-explainer-hero.webp
  3. a moon-shadow bazaar, where merchants trade shadows by length, memory, temperature, and the strange light that cast them
     SOURCE ID: dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-moon-shadow-bazaar
     CREATIVE SPARK: A vendor unrolls the cool shadow of a cedar at midnight, another offers a child's summer silhouette in a glass jar, and the moon changes price by moving behind a cloud.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: moonlit blue-black lane as ground, shadow goods in layered soft blacks, stall canvas in muted saffron, one cool moon white edging the active trade
       - Type/composition: bazaar signpainter script over chalked price caps, stalls ranked down one lane, each shadow tagged with a small ticket of origin and length
       - Topology/navigation: Wander stalls by shadow origin, shape, time, emotional charge, and possible exchange.
       - Controls/state: Cast, stretch, compare, trade, and return a shadow while its story stays attached.
       - Responsive/motion: Arrange stalls as a moonlit vertical lane on phones and retain high-contrast readable commerce.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Camera silhouette capture, solar geometry, and interactive shadow deformation turn personal light moments into ephemeral tradable artifacts.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-moon-shadow-bazaar.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-moon-shadow-bazaar-hero.webp
  4. a cephalopod skin becoming a living display, with expanding chromatophores, traveling patterns, texture change, and context-dependent signals
     SOURCE ID: reefs-bioluminescent-nocturnal-chromatophore-skin-language
     CREATIVE SPARK: A pale animal crosses patterned stone and its skin becomes waves, eyes, and ridges in less than a heartbeat.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: pale mantle-cream as ground, red-brown chromatophores as body ink, one iridophore blue-green flash marking the active signal, dark ridges as texture
       - Type/composition: a variable typeface whose weight tracks pigment expansion, patterns traveling body to skin-cell as waves, signals drawn directly onto the surface
       - Topology/navigation: Navigate whole body, skin region, pigment cell, pattern wave, and environmental trigger.
       - Controls/state: Change context, draw signals, and show neutral, camouflaging, warning, and communicating states.
       - Responsive/motion: Flatten skin into an inspectable living textile on phones; pattern speed is adjustable.
     WEB LEVERAGE: GPU cellular shaders and displacement textures render signal, color, and texture together.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/reefs-bioluminescent-nocturnal-chromatophore-skin-language.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/reefs-bioluminescent-nocturnal-chromatophore-skin-language-hero.webp
  5. a celestial star atlas chart, magnitudes as ranked dot sizes on a coordinate sphere, constellation lines and mythic figures faint beneath the data
     SOURCE ID: notation-diagram-systems-star-atlas
     CREATIVE SPARK: Under a red flashlight at two in the morning, a cold thumb traces from the chart's inked dots up to the actual sky, and Orion's belt agrees with the paper exactly.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: deep navy chart ground with chalk-white stars, red-flashlight amber for annotations, the object under the eye ringed in that same night-vision red
       - Type/composition: light serif italic names the constellations, small tabular figures label coordinates, dot diameter carries the hierarchy the type declines to
       - Topology/navigation: the sky splits into overlapping charts with matched edges, coordinates gridline the field and an index of named objects points into each plate
       - Controls/state: importance is dot diameter on a fixed magnitude ramp, variable objects wear distinct rings, the mythic figure layer fades up only on request
       - Responsive/motion: each plate crops around its brightest anchors at small sizes; panning drifts like slow sidereal motion
     WEB LEVERAGE: Canvas plots thousands of magnitude-scaled points with smooth zoom between chart plates.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-star-atlas.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-star-atlas-hero.webp
  6. a wpa national-park travel poster, a landscape flattened into stacked silkscreen planes with a ranger-voiced imperative set in blocky caps below
     SOURCE ID: posters-covers-sleeves-wpa-park-poster
     CREATIVE SPARK: From a canvas tent at dawn you see the geyser rendered in four flat inks, the sky one unbroken swath of teal, and beneath it two words in block caps: SEE AMERICA.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: four flat silkscreen inks, one unbroken teal sky swath over pine green and canyon ochre planes, cream stock showing through as the light
       - Type/composition: blocky geometric caps in a caption bar beneath the scene, one imperative per sheet, the landscape composed above it and never interrupted
       - Topology/navigation: the scene layers into foreground, midground, and sky planes; deeper subjects live on deeper planes and travel is walking into them
       - Controls/state: each state is a season of the same scene, inks reshuffle from summer to snow while plane edges never move, the caption bar states one imperative
       - Responsive/motion: planes crop from the outside in so the summit always survives; motion is gentle plane parallax
     WEB LEVERAGE: Layered SVG planes parallax under pointer and scroll, each plane a separate flat-ink shape.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/posters-covers-sleeves-wpa-park-poster.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/posters-covers-sleeves-wpa-park-poster-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from 49ffe319 --scope direction --mode persuade,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 4. Build candidate
4 of your own grounded list; seed key 49ffe319.
